## Lista de conjuntos de dados brutos (Raw Datasets)


| Raw Dataset Name | Link to the Full Dataset   | Full Dataset Size (MB)  | Link to Report |
| ---:| ---: | ---: | ---: |
| Raw Dataset 1 | [link](./NYC_Motor.csv) | 2 | [Raw Dataset 1 Report](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/kukuroo3/nyc-motor-vehicle-collisions-to-person)|

Context
It is data of a collision accident between a person and a motor vehicle that occurred in New York in 2021. Only cases of injury or death over $1,000 were filtered out. The date and time of the incident, the location of the injury, and the police description of the incident are summarized.

Google Tradutor - > São dados de um acidente de colisão entre uma pessoa e um veículo motorizado que ocorreu em Nova York em 2021. Apenas os casos de lesão ou morte acima de US$ 1.000 foram filtrados. A data e hora do incidente, a localização da lesão e a descrição policial do incidente são resumidas.

Content
CRASH_DATE
CRASH_TIME
PERSON_INJURY : Injured, killed, unspecified
PERSON_AGE : Automatically calculated based on date of birth
BODILY_INJURY : Injured body area (i.e. head, face, neck, etc.)
SAFETY_EQUIPMENT : Safety equipment being used (i.e. lap belt, harness, child restraint, air bag, etc.)
PERSON_SEX
PERSON_TYPE : Bicyclist, Motor Vehicle Occupant, Pedestrian
PED_LOCATION : Location of the pedestrian (i.e. at intersection, not at intersection)
CONTRIBUTINGFACTOR2 : Factors contributing to the collision for designated vehicle
EJECTION : Indicates the following: Not ejected, partially ejected, or ejected from the vehicle
COMPLAINT : Type of physical complaint (ex. Concussion, severe burn, severe bleeding, etc.)
EMOTIONAL_STATUS : Apparent death, unconscious, semiconscious, etc.
VEHICLE_ID : Unique vehicle record associated with person. Foreign Key to the vehicle table
PERSON_ID : Person identification code assigned by system
CONTRIBUTINGFACTOR1 : Factors contributing to the collision for designated vehicle
POSITIONINVEHICLE : Seating position #1-#8 (i.e. driver, front passenger, etc.)
PED_ROLE : Pedestrian, witness, in-line skater, other, etc.
UNIQUE_ID : Unique record code generated by system. Primary Key for Person table.
PED_ACTION : What the pedestrian was doing at time of crash (i.e., walking with the signal, against the signal, etc.)
COLLISIONID : Crash identification code. Foreign Key, matches uniqueid from the Crash table.
Inspiration
Through EDA, you can check the characteristics of each traffic incident by date and by type of incident.

Source
https://data.cityofnewyork.us/
